Images updates, architecture guidance (#974)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-images/how-to-use-chainguard-images.md

In this guide, you'll learn how to get started using Chainguard Images and how to migrate existing container-based workflows to use our images.

## Quickstart: Using Chainguard Images

> To get up and running with Chainguard Images, you can use `docker` commands to pull and run images. For each specific image, you'll find this guidance on the image's overview page (for example, see [Node](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/node/overview/), [Python](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/python/overview/), or [NGINX](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/nginx/overview/)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get up and running with Chainguard Images, you can use `docker` commands to pull and run images. For each specific image, you'll find this guidance on the Image's overview page (for example, see [Node](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/node/overview/), [Python](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/python/overview/), or [NGINX](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/nginx/overview/)). 
```

### Pulling a Chainguard Image

You can pull a Chainguard Image with the `docker pull` command. For example, to pull down the Git Chainguard Image, you can run the following.

```sh
docker pull cgr.dev/chainguard/git
```

> Without passing a tag or a digest, the reference to the Git image will pull down the default tag, which is `:latest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without passing a tag or a digest, the reference to the Git Image will pull down the default tag, which is `:latest`.
```

Note that if you have your own registry, you'll need to change the `cgr.dev/chainguard` path to your own registry path. 

### Pulling by Tag

> You can also add a relevant tag that you have access to, in the case of the Git image, you can pull the `:latest-glibc` tag for the Git image. [Note that not all tags are available in the public catalog](/chainguard/chainguard-images/faq/#do-i-need-to-authenticate-into-chainguard-to-use-chainguard-images). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add a relevant tag that you have access to. In the case of the Git image, you can pull the `:latest-glibc` tag for the Git image. [Note that not all tags are available in the public catalog](/chainguard/chainguard-images/faq/#do-i-need-to-authenticate-into-chainguard-to-use-chainguard-images). 
```

This feels like a separate sentence

```sh
docker pull cgr.dev/chainguard/git:latest-glibc
```

You may use tags to pull a specific version of a software like Git, or programming language version in a catalog you have access to. Chainguard Academy has tag history pages for each image, which you can find in our reference docs. For example, the [Git Image Tags History](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/git/tags_history/), [PHP Image Tags History](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/php/tags_history/), and [JDK Image Tags Hisory](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/jdk/tags_history/).

You can learn about the Chainguard Images tags history in our guide about [Using the Tag History API](chainguard/chainguard-images/using-the-tag-history-api/). 

### Pulling by Digest

> Pulling a Chainguard Image by its digest can help improve reproducibility, as it will ensure that you are using the same image each time (versus the tag that may receive updates). 

Reviewer 2: I'd word it more strongly:
`digest guarantees reprodibility, ...`

> To pull an image by its digest, you can do so by appending the digest which begins with `sha256`. You can find these on our reference tags history pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pull an Image by its digest, you can do so by appending the digest which begins with `sha256`. You can find these on our reference tags history pages.
```

> In our Git example, we can review the [Git Image Tags History](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/git/tags_history/) page and choose a relevant digest. We will choose the `:latest-dev` image that was last updated on September 2, 2023 at the time this document was being prepared. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our Git example, we can review the [Git Image Tags History](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/git/tags_history/) page and choose a relevant digest. We will choose the `:latest-dev` Image that was last updated on September 2, 2023 at the time this document was being prepared. 
```

```sh
docker pull cgr.dev/chainguard/git@sha256:f6658e10edde332c6f1dc804f0f664676dc40db78ba4009071fea6b9d97d592f
```

> When you pull this image, you'll receive output of the digsest which should match the exact digest you have pulled. 

Reviewer 2: nit: digest

> When you pull this image, you'll receive output of the digsest which should match the exact digest you have pulled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you pull this Image, you'll receive output of the digest which should match the exact digest you have pulled. 
```

To learn more about image digests, you can review our video [How to Use Container Image Digests to Improve Reproducibility](/chainguard/chainguard-images/videos/container-image-digests/).

### Specifying Architecture

> As Chainguard Images are [built for both AMD64 and ARM64 architecture](/chainguard/chainguard-images/overview/#architecture), you can specify the architecture you would like to use by employing the `--platform` flag with the `docker pull` command. In this example, we'll specify using the `linux/arm64` architecture with the Go image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Chainguard Images are [built for both AMD64 and ARM64 architecture](/chainguard/chainguard-images/overview/#architecture), you can specify the architecture you would like to use by employing the `--platform` flag with the `docker pull` command. In this example, we'll specify using the `linux/arm64` architecture with the Go Image.
```

```sh
docker pull --platform=linux/arm64 cgr.dev/chainguard/go
```

> With this image, you can verify the architecture by calling the version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After pulling the Image, you can verify the architecture by calling the version.
```

```sh
docker run --rm -t cgr.dev/chainguard/go:latest version
```

You'll receive output similar to the following:

```sh
go version go1.21.0 linux/arm64
```

> Specifying the platform will ensure that you're using the desired image and relevant architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying the platform will ensure that you're using the desired Image and relevant architecture.
```

### Running a Chainguard Image

> You can run a Chainguard Image with the `docker run` command. Note that because Chainguard Images are minimalist containers, most of them ship without a shell or package manager. In the case you would like a shell, you can often use the development image, which is tagged as `:latest-dev` (for example, [Python](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/python/getting-started-python/) has its dev image at `cgr.dev/chainguard/python:latest-dev`). Otherwise, you can work with Chainguard Images in way similar to other images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a Chainguard Image with the `docker run` command. Note that because Chainguard Images are minimalist containers, most of them ship without a shell or package manager. In case you would like a shell, you can often use the development image, which is tagged as `:latest-dev` (for example, [Python](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/python/getting-started-python/) has its dev image at `cgr.dev/chainguard/python:latest-dev`). Otherwise, you can work with Chainguard Images in way similar to other images.
```

Let's run the [Cosign Chainguard Image](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/cosign/overview/) to check its version.

```sh
docker run --rm -t cgr.dev/chainguard/cosign:latest version
```

You'll receive the version information that confirms the image is working as expected. 

```
  ______   ______        _______. __    _______ .__   __.
 /      | /  __  \      /       ||  |  /  _____||  \ |  |
|  ,----'|  |  |  |    |   (----`|  | |  |  __  |   \|  |
|  |     |  |  |  |     \   \    |  | |  | |_ | |  . `  |
|  `----.|  `--'  | .----)   |   |  | |  |__| | |  |\   |
 \______| \______/  |_______/    |__|  \______| |__| \__|
cosign: A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.

GitVersion:    2.0.0
GitCommit:     unknown
GitTreeState:  unknown
BuildDate:     unknown
GoVersion:     go1.20.1
Compiler:      gc
Platform:      linux/arm64
```

If you would like to review a filesystem, you can use the [wolfi-base image](/chainguard/chainguard-images/reference/wolfi-base/overview/):

```sh
docker run -it cgr.dev/chainguard/wolfi-base
```

This will start a Wolfi container where you can explore the file system and investigate which packages are available. 

> Continue reading the next section to learn more about building off of the Wolfi base image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue reading the next section to learn more about building off of the Wolfi base Image. 
```
